Add message about viewing chat history when on IRC (#78834)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/community/communication.rst

as described in the `libera.chat docs <https://libera.chat/guides/findingchannels>`_.

> Our channels record history on the Matrix side. The channel history can be viewed in a browser - all channels will report an appropriate link to ``chat.ansible.im`` in their Chanserv entrymsg upon joining the room. Alternatively, a URL of the form ``https://chat.ansible.im/#/room/# {IRC channel name}:libera.chat`` will also work, e.g. for the #ansible-docs channel it would be `https://app.element.io/#/room/#ansible-docs:libera.chat`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our channels record history on the Matrix side. The channel history can be viewed in a browser - all channels will report an appropriate link to ``chat.ansible.im`` in their Chanserv entrymsg upon joining the room. Alternatively, a URL of the form ``https://chat.ansible.im/#/room/# {IRC channel name}:libera.chat`` will also work, for example -  for the #ansible-docs channel it would be `https://app.element.io/#/room/#ansible-docs:libera.chat`.
```
